vault/index.md, before:

---
title: Roman E. Reggiardo, PhD
subtitle: rreggiar [at] {stanford.edu, github, bsky}
---
trying to build a better future with biology and computers (and occasionally [soap dispensers](https://wonderfil.world))

now: RNA engineering and mechanism @ [Stanford RNA Medicine Program](https://www.stanfordrnamedicine.com) with Will Greenleaf (fmr: Howard Chang, now at Amgen)

- coming soon: building better RNAs and figuring out why they work

then: liquid biopsy @ UC Santa Cruz (extracellular RNA) and ClearNote (5-hydroxymethylated DNA)

- [ancient, repetitive RNA is abundant and potentially diagnostic](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41551-023-01081-7)
- [Epigenomic Blood-Based Early Detection of Pancreatic Cancer Employing Cell-Free DNA](https://www.cghjournal.org/article/S1542-3565%2823%2900224-0/fulltext)
- [mutant KRAS leads to remarkable regulatory overhaul in lung cancer](https://www.cell.com/cell-reports/fulltext/S2211-1247(22)00906-8?dgcid=raven_jbs_etoc_email)
  - coming soon: so does treatment

more @ [scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=82aJS_YAAAAJ&hl=en)

Commit message:

Squash merge two_column into master

vault/index.md, after:

---
title: Roman E. Reggiardo, PhD
subtitle: rreggiar [at] {stanford.edu}
---
# Hello, I'm Roman

I'm a scientist trying to build a better future with biology and computers (and occasionally [soap dispensers](https://wonderfil.world)).

I'm currently engineering RNA and delving into the mechanisms that make them work as molecular and therapeutic tools @ [Stanford RNA Medicine Program](https://www.stanfordrnamedicine.com) with Will Greenleaf (fmr: Howard Chang, now at Amgen).

Honored to be supported by a life-altering NIH NIDDK F99/K00 award.

During my PhD, I built a liquid biopsy technology @ UC Santa Cruz using repetitive extracellular RNA and contributed to liquid biopsy tech development @ ClearNote health using 5-hydroxymethylated DNA circulating in blood plasma.

# Links

[stanford](https://profiles.stanford.edu/roman-reggiardo)  
[github](https://github.com/rreggiar)  
[scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=82aJS_YAAAAJ&hl=en)  
[bsky](https://bsky.app/profile/rreggiar.bsky.social)
